Applied new CLI format. (#1080)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/dev/cli/virtual-usb/disconnect-session.md

sidebar_label: Disconnect Session
---

## Description

> Close a Virtual USB session that you originally joined using the [`connect` command](/dev/cli/virtual-usb/connect-session).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Close a Virtual USB (vUSB) session that you launched originally using the [`connect` command](/dev/cli/virtual-usb/connect-session).
```

Author: Do you want to say "launched" here, since, in this case, you didn't actually launch the session; rather you connected to an existing session?

Reviewer: Ooo, yes, you're right - "joined" is correct.

:::note Android Only
After disconnecting a session with an Anroid device, [disconnect your device from ADB](/mobile-apps/features/virtual-usb#close-test) by running `adb disconnect` followed by your `<IPAddress>:<portNumber>`.  
:::

## Usage

<span className="cli">$ &lt;main class&gt; [OPTIONS] disconnect [OPTIONS]</span>

## Options Details

### <span className="cli">--sessionId</span>

<div className="cli-desc">
<p><small>| REQUIRED | STRING |</small></p>

The unique identifier of the test session to disconnect. You can retrieve the session ID of an active session using the [`sessions` command](/dev/cli/virtual-usb/find-sessionid).

</div>

### <span className="cli">--serverHost</span>

<div className="cli-desc">
<p><small>| OPTIONAL | URL ADDRESS |</small></p>

> A specific Virtual USB server host address. The default value, if not specified, is `http://127.0.0.1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A specific vUSB server host address. The default value, if not specified, is `http://127.0.0.1`.
```

</div>

### <span className="cli">--serverPort</span>

<div className="cli-desc">
<p><small>| OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p>

> A specific Virtual USB server port. The default value, if not specified, is `33657`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A specific vUSB server port. The default value, if not specified, is `33657`.
```
